OPERATING.md, before:

# Operating

This document contains requirements and tips for operation the adaptor in a production environment.

# AMQP Message Broker Requirements

* The broker must be configured with a limited number of retries and deadletter queues
* It is the responsibility of the GP supplier to configure adequate monitoring against the deadletter queues that allows ALL undeliverable messages to be investigated fully.
* The broker must use persistent queues to avoid loss of data
* The GP System must persist the relevant transaction data before acknowledging the message from the queue to avoid loss of data

**Using AmazonMQ**

* A persistent broker (not in-memory) must be used to avoid data loss.
* A configuration profile that includes settings for [retry and deadlettering](https://activemq.apache.org/message-redelivery-and-dlq-handling.html) must be applied.
* AmazonMQ uses the scheme `amqp+ssl://` but this **MUST** be changed the to `amqps://` when configuring the adaptor.

**Using Azure Service Bus**

* The ASB must use [MaxDeliveryCount and dead-lettering](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-dead-letter-queues#exceeding-maxdeliverycount)

# Mongodb Database Requirements

* The NHAIS Adaptor and NHAIS system communications synchronise through a sequence number mechanism
* The Mongodb database preserves this synchronisation
* Deleting the mongodb database and/or its collections will break the link with the NHAIS system
* The database should be used to monitor for any missing transactions. See [REPORTING.md](./REPORTING.md) for details.

**Amazon Document DB Tips**

In the "Connectivity & security" tab of the cluster a URI is provided to "Connect to this cluster with an application".
Replace <username>:<insertYourPasswordHere> with the actual mongo username and password to be used by the application.
The value of `NHAIS_MONGO_URI` should be set to this value. Since the URI string contains credentials we recommend 
managing the entire value as a secured secret.

The user must have the `readWrite` role or a custom role with specific privileges.

**Azure Cosmos DB Tips**

Follow Azure documentation on Cosmos DB's API for MongoDB

## Database Collections

The default database name is `nhais` but this can be changed through an environment variable. Each deployment of the
adaptor MUST have its own database, but multiple database could be hosted by a single cluster. The collection names
used by the adaptor cannot be changed.

### Outbound Sequence Id

Tracks the sequence numbers used to "link" a GP and to HA using EDIFACT messaging. See 
"Linking a GP Practice to an NHAIS system" section below for more information.

Collection Name: `outboundSequenceId`

Properties:

* `_id` the key for the sequence in the format <type>-<sender>-<recipient> where:
  * \<type\> is one of TN (transaction number), SIS (send interchange sequence), SMS (send message sequence)
  * \<sender\> is the GP Trading Partner Code
  * \<recipient\> is the HA Trading Partner Code
* `sequenceNumber` is the most recently generated number for the sequence

Example:

    {
        "_id" : "SIS-TES5-XX11",
        "sequenceNumber" : 2
    }

### Outbound State

Records the metadata of outbound messages sent through the adaptor. When an inbound RECEP is received for a previously
sent outbound message then the adaptor updates the corresponding document with an embedded/nested document named `recep`.

Collection Name: `outboundState`

Properties:

* `_id`: ObjectId generated by the database system. Not used by the adaptor.
* `workflowId`: Refers to the MESH workflow id used to send this message. One of: REGISTRATION, RECEP
* `operationId`: The generated operationId returned in the response headers for this transaction
* `tn`: The EDIFACT transaction number used for this transaction
* `translationTimestamp`: The timestamp when the adaptor translated the transaction into EDIFACT
* `transactionType`: Three-letter abbreviation identifying the type of transaction
* `intSeq`: The EDIFACT send interchange sequence used for this transaction
* `msgSeq`: The EDIFACT send message sequence used for this transaction
* `sndr`: The sender's GP Trading Partner code
* `recip`: The recipient's HA Trading Partner code
* `_class`: Automatically generated by the Spring framework
* `recep`: If present, an embedded/nested document with information about the received RECEP
  * `code`: Should always be `SUCCESS` as NHAIS systems no longer send negative RECEPs
  * `translationTimestamp`: The timestamp, as reported in the inbound EDIFACT interchange, when the NHAIS system produced the RECEP
  * `processedTimestamp`: The timestamp when the adaptor processed the RECEP message
  * `interchangeSequence`: The Receive Interchange Sequence (RIS) of the interchange in which the RECEP was sent

Example:

    {
        "_id" : ObjectId("5f71e6480a998d3f32224979"),
        "workflowId" : "REGISTRATION",
        "operationId" : "c35b1432682a04ca77b287b11f240fbd8c46f22fe589b513a84e307b57dcb820",
        "tn" : NumberLong(1),
        "translationTimestamp" : ISODate("2020-09-28T13:33:59.000Z"),
        "transactionType" : "ACG",
        "intSeq" : NumberLong(1),
        "msgSeq" : NumberLong(1),
        "sndr" : "TES5",
        "recip" : "XX11",
        "_class" : "uk.nhs.digital.nhsconnect.nhais.outbound.state.OutboundState",
        "recep" : {
            "code" : "SUCCESS",
            "translationTimestamp" : ISODate("2020-06-20T13:00:00.000Z"),
            "processedTimestamp" : ISODate("2020-09-28T13:48:40.000Z"),
            "interchangeSequence" : NumberLong(164)
        }
    }  

### Inbound State

Records the metadata of inbound transactions received by the adaptor.

Collection Name: `inboundState`

Properties:

* `_id`: ObjectId generated by the database system. Not used by the adaptor.
* `workflowId`: Refers to the MESH workflow id used to send this message. One of: REGISTRATION, RECEP
* `operationId`: The generated operationId returned in the response headers for this transaction
* `intSeq`: The EDIFACT receive interchange sequence used for this transaction
* `msgSeq`: The EDIFACT receive message sequence used for this transaction
* `sndr`: The sender's HA Trading Partner code
* `recip`: The recipient's GP Trading Partner code
* `tn`: The EDIFACT transaction number used for this transaction
* `translationTimestamp`: The timestamp, as reported in the inbound EDIFACT interchange, when the NHAIS system produced the interchange
* `transactionType`: Three-letter abbreviation identifying the type of transaction
* `processedTimestamp`: The timestamp when the adaptor processed the transaction
* `_class`: Automatically generated by the Spring framework

### Scheduler Timestamp

A collection used to coordinate running the MESH polling cycle across multiple instances of the adaptor. README 
describes this mechanism in more detail.

Collection Name: `schedulerTimestamp`

Properties:

* `_id`: ObjectId generated by the database system. Not used by the adaptor.
* `schedulerType`: Always "meshTimestamp"
* `updateTimestamp`: The time the MESH polling cycle last ran
* `_class`: Automatically generated by the Spring framework

## Time-to-live Indexes

The adaptor creates TTL (time to live) indexes on the `outboundState` and `inboundState` collections to automatically 
remove old documents. The variable `NHAIS_MONGO_TTL` described above controls the duration. There are differences between
how TTL indexes work between MongoDb and Azure Cosmos DB. When using Cosmos the `NHAIS_COSMOS_DB_ENABLED` flag must be true.

**TTL Indexes in MongoDB / AWS Document DB**

The property `translationTimestamp` is indexed. For outbound, this is the timestamp when the adaptor translates FHIR 
into EDIFACT and is the timestamp enclosed in the EDIFACT interchange sent to NHAIS. For inbound, this is the 
timestamp enclosed within the EDIFACT interchange received from NHAIS.

**TTL Indexes in Azure Cosmos DB**

[TTL Index in Cosmos](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cosmos-db/mongodb-time-to-live) are limited in that only 
a specific `_ts` property may have this index. The _ts property "is a system generated property (that) specifies the 
last updated timestamp of the resource". ([Reference](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/cosmos-db/databases))

For outbound, each document is "last updated" when the adaptor processes the inbound RECEP for that transaction. For
inbound each document is "last updated" after publishing the FHIR message to the inbound GP System message queue.

The impact is that documents in Cosmos may live slightly longer than those stored in Mongo.

## AWS DocumentDB TLS configuration

AWS DocumentDB uses a private CA certificate and therefore requires a custom keystore to manage the CA certificates effectively.

To use TLS, it has to be enabled in the DocumentDB instance with the Mongo connection string containing the `tls=true`. 
Additionally, the environment variable `NHAIS_MONGO_DOCUMENTDB_TLS_ENABLED` must be set to true. 
For more information on TLS configuration in MongoDB see [TLS options for Mongo connection string](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/connection-string/#tls-options).

SSH tunneling might require adding the connection string option: `tlsAllowInvalidHostnames=true` (as CA would try to resolve localhost as hostname).
This option should only be used for local tests as this might create a vulnerability.

Use of DocumentDB TLS requires java trust store to be provided manually. Instructions on how to create trust store can be found here: 
[Connect to Document DB programmatically](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/documentdb/latest/developerguide/connect_programmatically.html#connect_programmatically-tls_enabled) 

There are two ways to configure trust store depending on how the adaptor is ran:
1. Gradle run
   
   Set absolute path to trust store file in `NHAIS_MONGO_TRUST_STORE_PATH` environment variable.
   
2. Docker

   Create folder `truststore` where docker-compose.yml file is. Then place trust store file inside this folder.
   Build docker image using `docker-compose build nhais`. As docker creates image it copies all files from `./truststore/` folder 
   (it uses relative path from `docker-compose.yml` file) to docker image filesystem as `/truststore/`
   Next step is to specify trust store filename using `NHAIS_MONGO_TRUST_STORE_PATH` environment variable in docker-compose.yml file. 
   It has to be prepended with `/truststore/` (ex. `NHAIS_MONGO_TRUST_STORE_PATH=/truststore/aws-docdb-truststore.jks`).
   
Both options require `NHAIS_MONGO_DOCUMENTDB_TLS_ENABLED` to be set to true and `NHAIS_MONGO_TRUST_STORE_PASSWORD` set to trust store password
   

# MESH Requirements

**Note**: The "Development" section of the README refers to a fake-mesh component. fake-mesh is **not** part of the 
adaptor  solution and should only be used to assist local development.

NHSD manage access to MESH, allocate mailboxes, and provide connection details / credentials.

# Management Endpoints

[Spring Boot Actuator](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/htmlsingle/#production-ready) provides
three management endpoints:

* /healthcheck
* /metrics
* /info

# Monitoring GP Links messaging state

There are two Mongo collections recording the state of GP Links transactions:

- `outboundState` records every transaction sent by the adaptor (GP->HA)
- `inboundState` records every transaction received by the adaptor (HA->GP)

These collections should be monitored to identify any transactions that may be missing.

See [REPORTING.md](./REPORTING.md) for details about how to run these reports.

# Linking a GP Practice to an NHAIS system

The NHAIS Adaptor and NHAIS system communications synchronise through a sequence number mechanism. Linking a GP 
Practice to an NHAIS system which have never previously exchanged messages requires no additional setup for 
synchronisation. All the sequences begin at 1, and the adaptor will start them automatically.

In the case that a new market entrant GP System takes over from an incumbent system the new system must pick up the 
sequences where the incumbent left off. For every GP/NHAIS link established, the incumbent supplier or NHAIS operator 
must advise the following:

* Most recently used Send Interchange Sequence (SIS) number, GP -> HA
* Most recently used Send Message Sequence (SMS) number, GP -> HA
* Most recently used Transaction Number (TN), GP -> HA

For each GP/NHAIS pair the following documents must be inserted into the `outboundSequenceId` collection of the 
adaptor's database. The angle-bracketed values must be replaced (including the brackets) with the relevant data items.
The `_id` property should have the type `String`, and the `sequenceNumber` property should have the type `int32`. Any 
existing documents with the same `_id` must be replaced.

    {
        _id: 'SIS-<GP Link (Trading Partner) Code>-<HA Link (Trading Partner) Code>',
        sequenceNumber: <Send Interchange Sequence (SIS) number>
    }
    
    {
        _id: 'SMS-<GP Link (Trading Partner) Code>-<HA Link (Trading Partner) Code>',
        sequenceNumber: <Send Message Sequence (SMS) number>
    }
 
    {
        _id: 'TN-<GP Link (Trading Partner) Code>',
        sequenceNumber: <Send Message Sequence (SMS) number>
    }

Commit message:

NIAD-248: Adds CorrelationId for inbound requests * accepted in request header and generated if missing; documented in OpenAPI spec * used in every log message * stored in related database documents (outboundState only for this change) * used in AMQP message headers (outbound mesh queue only for this change) * Added CorrelationId to OpenAPI spec * Enhanced logging for outbound request handling * Added OPERATING.md documentation about logging and tracing

OPERATING.md, after:

# Operating

This document contains requirements and tips for operation the adaptor in a production environment.

# AMQP Message Broker Requirements

* The broker must be configured with a limited number of retries and deadletter queues
* It is the responsibility of the GP supplier to configure adequate monitoring against the deadletter queues that allows ALL undeliverable messages to be investigated fully.
* The broker must use persistent queues to avoid loss of data
* The GP System must persist the relevant transaction data before acknowledging the message from the queue to avoid loss of data

**Using AmazonMQ**

* A persistent broker (not in-memory) must be used to avoid data loss.
* A configuration profile that includes settings for [retry and deadlettering](https://activemq.apache.org/message-redelivery-and-dlq-handling.html) must be applied.
* AmazonMQ uses the scheme `amqp+ssl://` but this **MUST** be changed the to `amqps://` when configuring the adaptor.

**Using Azure Service Bus**

* The ASB must use [MaxDeliveryCount and dead-lettering](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-dead-letter-queues#exceeding-maxdeliverycount)

# Mongodb Database Requirements

* The NHAIS Adaptor and NHAIS system communications synchronise through a sequence number mechanism
* The Mongodb database preserves this synchronisation
* Deleting the mongodb database and/or its collections will break the link with the NHAIS system
* The database should be used to monitor for any missing transactions. See [REPORTING.md](./REPORTING.md) for details.

**Amazon Document DB Tips**

In the "Connectivity & security" tab of the cluster a URI is provided to "Connect to this cluster with an application".
Replace <username>:<insertYourPasswordHere> with the actual mongo username and password to be used by the application.
The value of `NHAIS_MONGO_URI` should be set to this value. Since the URI string contains credentials we recommend 
managing the entire value as a secured secret.

The user must have the `readWrite` role or a custom role with specific privileges.

**Azure Cosmos DB Tips**

Follow Azure documentation on Cosmos DB's API for MongoDB

## Database Collections

The default database name is `nhais` but this can be changed through an environment variable. Each deployment of the
adaptor MUST have its own database, but multiple database could be hosted by a single cluster. The collection names
used by the adaptor cannot be changed.

### Outbound Sequence Id

Tracks the sequence numbers used to "link" a GP and to HA using EDIFACT messaging. See 
"Linking a GP Practice to an NHAIS system" section below for more information.

Collection Name: `outboundSequenceId`

Properties:

* `_id` the key for the sequence in the format <type>-<sender>-<recipient> where:
  * \<type\> is one of TN (transaction number), SIS (send interchange sequence), SMS (send message sequence)
  * \<sender\> is the GP Trading Partner Code
  * \<recipient\> is the HA Trading Partner Code
* `sequenceNumber` is the most recently generated number for the sequence

Example:

    {
        "_id" : "SIS-TES5-XX11",
        "sequenceNumber" : 2
    }

### Outbound State

Records the metadata of outbound messages sent through the adaptor. When an inbound RECEP is received for a previously
sent outbound message then the adaptor updates the corresponding document with an embedded/nested document named `recep`.

Collection Name: `outboundState`

Properties:

* `_id`: ObjectId generated by the database system. Not used by the adaptor.
* `workflowId`: Refers to the MESH workflow id used to send this message. One of: REGISTRATION, RECEP
* `operationId`: The generated operationId returned in the response headers for this transaction
* `tn`: The EDIFACT transaction number used for this transaction
* `translationTimestamp`: The timestamp when the adaptor translated the transaction into EDIFACT
* `transactionType`: Three-letter abbreviation identifying the type of transaction
* `intSeq`: The EDIFACT send interchange sequence used for this transaction
* `msgSeq`: The EDIFACT send message sequence used for this transaction
* `sndr`: The sender's GP Trading Partner code
* `recip`: The recipient's HA Trading Partner code
* `_class`: Automatically generated by the Spring framework
* `recep`: If present, an embedded/nested document with information about the received RECEP
  * `code`: Should always be `SUCCESS` as NHAIS systems no longer send negative RECEPs
  * `translationTimestamp`: The timestamp, as reported in the inbound EDIFACT interchange, when the NHAIS system produced the RECEP
  * `processedTimestamp`: The timestamp when the adaptor processed the RECEP message
  * `interchangeSequence`: The Receive Interchange Sequence (RIS) of the interchange in which the RECEP was sent

Example:

    {
        "_id" : ObjectId("5f71e6480a998d3f32224979"),
        "workflowId" : "REGISTRATION",
        "operationId" : "c35b1432682a04ca77b287b11f240fbd8c46f22fe589b513a84e307b57dcb820",
        "tn" : NumberLong(1),
        "translationTimestamp" : ISODate("2020-09-28T13:33:59.000Z"),
        "transactionType" : "ACG",
        "intSeq" : NumberLong(1),
        "msgSeq" : NumberLong(1),
        "sndr" : "TES5",
        "recip" : "XX11",
        "_class" : "uk.nhs.digital.nhsconnect.nhais.outbound.state.OutboundState",
        "recep" : {
            "code" : "SUCCESS",
            "translationTimestamp" : ISODate("2020-06-20T13:00:00.000Z"),
            "processedTimestamp" : ISODate("2020-09-28T13:48:40.000Z"),
            "interchangeSequence" : NumberLong(164)
        }
    }  

### Inbound State

Records the metadata of inbound transactions received by the adaptor.

Collection Name: `inboundState`

Properties:

* `_id`: ObjectId generated by the database system. Not used by the adaptor.
* `workflowId`: Refers to the MESH workflow id used to send this message. One of: REGISTRATION, RECEP
* `operationId`: The generated operationId returned in the response headers for this transaction
* `intSeq`: The EDIFACT receive interchange sequence used for this transaction
* `msgSeq`: The EDIFACT receive message sequence used for this transaction
* `sndr`: The sender's HA Trading Partner code
* `recip`: The recipient's GP Trading Partner code
* `tn`: The EDIFACT transaction number used for this transaction
* `translationTimestamp`: The timestamp, as reported in the inbound EDIFACT interchange, when the NHAIS system produced the interchange
* `transactionType`: Three-letter abbreviation identifying the type of transaction
* `processedTimestamp`: The timestamp when the adaptor processed the transaction
* `_class`: Automatically generated by the Spring framework

### Scheduler Timestamp

A collection used to coordinate running the MESH polling cycle across multiple instances of the adaptor. README 
describes this mechanism in more detail.

Collection Name: `schedulerTimestamp`

Properties:

* `_id`: ObjectId generated by the database system. Not used by the adaptor.
* `schedulerType`: Always "meshTimestamp"
* `updateTimestamp`: The time the MESH polling cycle last ran
* `_class`: Automatically generated by the Spring framework

## Time-to-live Indexes

The adaptor creates TTL (time to live) indexes on the `outboundState` and `inboundState` collections to automatically 
remove old documents. The variable `NHAIS_MONGO_TTL` described above controls the duration. There are differences between
how TTL indexes work between MongoDb and Azure Cosmos DB. When using Cosmos the `NHAIS_COSMOS_DB_ENABLED` flag must be true.

**TTL Indexes in MongoDB / AWS Document DB**

The property `translationTimestamp` is indexed. For outbound, this is the timestamp when the adaptor translates FHIR 
into EDIFACT and is the timestamp enclosed in the EDIFACT interchange sent to NHAIS. For inbound, this is the 
timestamp enclosed within the EDIFACT interchange received from NHAIS.

**TTL Indexes in Azure Cosmos DB**

[TTL Index in Cosmos](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cosmos-db/mongodb-time-to-live) are limited in that only 
a specific `_ts` property may have this index. The _ts property "is a system generated property (that) specifies the 
last updated timestamp of the resource". ([Reference](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/cosmos-db/databases))

For outbound, each document is "last updated" when the adaptor processes the inbound RECEP for that transaction. For
inbound each document is "last updated" after publishing the FHIR message to the inbound GP System message queue.

The impact is that documents in Cosmos may live slightly longer than those stored in Mongo.

## AWS DocumentDB TLS configuration

AWS DocumentDB uses a private CA certificate and therefore requires a custom keystore to manage the CA certificates effectively.

To use TLS, it has to be enabled in the DocumentDB instance with the Mongo connection string containing the `tls=true`. 
Additionally, the environment variable `NHAIS_MONGO_DOCUMENTDB_TLS_ENABLED` must be set to true. 
For more information on TLS configuration in MongoDB see [TLS options for Mongo connection string](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/connection-string/#tls-options).

SSH tunneling might require adding the connection string option: `tlsAllowInvalidHostnames=true` (as CA would try to resolve localhost as hostname).
This option should only be used for local tests as this might create a vulnerability.

Use of DocumentDB TLS requires java trust store to be provided manually. Instructions on how to create trust store can be found here: 
[Connect to Document DB programmatically](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/documentdb/latest/developerguide/connect_programmatically.html#connect_programmatically-tls_enabled) 

There are two ways to configure trust store depending on how the adaptor is ran:
1. Gradle run
   
   Set absolute path to trust store file in `NHAIS_MONGO_TRUST_STORE_PATH` environment variable.
   
2. Docker

   Create folder `truststore` where docker-compose.yml file is. Then place trust store file inside this folder.
   Build docker image using `docker-compose build nhais`. As docker creates image it copies all files from `./truststore/` folder 
   (it uses relative path from `docker-compose.yml` file) to docker image filesystem as `/truststore/`
   Next step is to specify trust store filename using `NHAIS_MONGO_TRUST_STORE_PATH` environment variable in docker-compose.yml file. 
   It has to be prepended with `/truststore/` (ex. `NHAIS_MONGO_TRUST_STORE_PATH=/truststore/aws-docdb-truststore.jks`).
   
Both options require `NHAIS_MONGO_DOCUMENTDB_TLS_ENABLED` to be set to true and `NHAIS_MONGO_TRUST_STORE_PASSWORD` set to trust store password
   

# MESH Requirements

**Note**: The "Development" section of the README refers to a fake-mesh component. fake-mesh is **not** part of the 
adaptor  solution and should only be used to assist local development.

NHSD manage access to MESH, allocate mailboxes, and provide connection details / credentials.

# Management Endpoints

[Spring Boot Actuator](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/htmlsingle/#production-ready) provides
three management endpoints:

* /healthcheck
* /metrics
* /info

# Monitoring GP Links messaging state

There are two Mongo collections recording the state of GP Links transactions:

- `outboundState` records every transaction sent by the adaptor (GP->HA)
- `inboundState` records every transaction received by the adaptor (HA->GP)

These collections should be monitored to identify any transactions that may be missing.

See [REPORTING.md](./REPORTING.md) for details about how to run these reports.

# Logging and Tracing

The adaptor follows usual conventions for containerised solutions and logs to the console. The chosen container 
orchestration solution must be configured to store and aggregate the adaptor's logs.

## Correlation Id

The adaptor uses a correlation id to make tracing individual requests easier. All log lines will contain the text 
`CorrelationId=<Correlation Id>`. For outbound requests the value of `<Correlation Id>` is either declared in the 
request headers or randomly generated. The [OpenAPI Specification](./specification/nhais-adaptor.yaml) describes the 
CorrelationId header.

**TODO**: inbound transactions

Some log lines are uncorrelated to a specific transaction. These logs have an empty `<Correlation Id>` value.

Documents in the `outboundState` (**TODO**: inboundState) collection also contain the correlation id.

Messages published to the adaptor's three (**TODO**: inbound queues) AMQP message queues include a CorrelationId header.

# Linking a GP Practice to an NHAIS system

The NHAIS Adaptor and NHAIS system communications synchronise through a sequence number mechanism. Linking a GP 
Practice to an NHAIS system which have never previously exchanged messages requires no additional setup for 
synchronisation. All the sequences begin at 1, and the adaptor will start them automatically.

In the case that a new market entrant GP System takes over from an incumbent system the new system must pick up the 
sequences where the incumbent left off. For every GP/NHAIS link established, the incumbent supplier or NHAIS operator 
must advise the following:

* Most recently used Send Interchange Sequence (SIS) number, GP -> HA
* Most recently used Send Message Sequence (SMS) number, GP -> HA
* Most recently used Transaction Number (TN), GP -> HA

For each GP/NHAIS pair the following documents must be inserted into the `outboundSequenceId` collection of the 
adaptor's database. The angle-bracketed values must be replaced (including the brackets) with the relevant data items.
The `_id` property should have the type `String`, and the `sequenceNumber` property should have the type `int32`. Any 
existing documents with the same `_id` must be replaced.

    {
        _id: 'SIS-<GP Link (Trading Partner) Code>-<HA Link (Trading Partner) Code>',
        sequenceNumber: <Send Interchange Sequence (SIS) number>
    }
    
    {
        _id: 'SMS-<GP Link (Trading Partner) Code>-<HA Link (Trading Partner) Code>',
        sequenceNumber: <Send Message Sequence (SMS) number>
    }
 
    {
        _id: 'TN-<GP Link (Trading Partner) Code>',
        sequenceNumber: <Send Message Sequence (SMS) number>
    }
